7/10 (#212)
dolthub/weekly-updates: emails/2026-07-10.md

This is the weekly CEO update from [DoltHub](https://www.dolthub.com/). I'm Tim, the CEO of DoltHub. 

I'm back from my vacation to entertain you with version-controlled database updates and terrible jokes. 

### DoltHub API V2

> Did you know that DoltHub has an API? You can use the API to run SQL, create pull requests, or resolve issues programmatically. The `v1alpha1` version grew organically from feature requests and was tightly coupled to our GraphQL implementation. This week, [we shipped the `v2` version](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2026-07-09-dolthub-api-v2) which is actually designed: proper error codes, better asynchronous interface, and thoroughly tested. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Did you know that DoltHub has an API? You can use the API to run SQL, create pull requests, or resolve issues programmatically. The `v1alpha1` version grew organically from feature requests and was tightly coupled to our GraphQL implementation. This week, [we shipped `v2`](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2026-07-09-dolthub-api-v2), which was actually designed with proper error codes, better asynchronous interface, and thorough testing. 
```
